README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Peinan 👋

📍 **Tokyo** ｜ 👨‍🔬 **NLP Researcher** ｜ 👨‍💻 **Engineer** ｜ 👨‍💼 **Manager**

## Research
### Latest Publications

- **BannerBench: Benchmarking Vision Language Models for Multi-Ad Selection with Human Preferences** [[Paper](https://aclanthology.org/2025.findings-emnlp.1311/)] [[Dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/cyberagent/BannerBench)]
  - Hiroto Otake, <ins>Peinan Zhang</ins>, Yusuke Sakai, Masato Mita, Hiroki Ouchi, and Taro Watanabe
  - In _EMNLP 2025 Findings_
- **Distilling Many-Shot In-Context Learning into a Cheat Sheet** [[Paper](https://aclanthology.org/2025.findings-emnlp.930/)]
  - Ukyo Honda, Soichiro Murakami, and <ins>Peinan Zhang</ins>
  - In _EMNLP 2025 Findings_
- **AdParaphrase v2.0: Generating Attractive Ad Texts Using a Preference-Annotated Paraphrase Dataset** [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2505.20826)] [[Dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/cyberagent/AdParaphrase-v2.0)]
  - Murakami Soichiro, <ins>Peinan Zhang</ins>, Hidetaka Kamigaito, Hiroya Takamura, and Manabu Okumura
  - In _ACL 2025 Findings_
- **AdTEC: A Unified Benchmark for Evaluating Text Quality in Search Engine Advertising** [[Project Page](https://cyberagentailab.github.io/AdTEC/)] [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2408.05906)] [[Dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/cyberagent/AdTEC)]
  - <ins>Peinan Zhang</ins>, Yusuke Sakai, Masato Mita, Hiroki Ouchi, and Taro Watanabe
  - In _NAACL 2025_

You can find all publications [_here_](https://orcabrig.notion.site/publications).

### Interest

- Applications
- Generation
- Resources & Evaluation

## Development

### Programming Languages

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=fff)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Go-00ADD8?style=flat-square&logo=Go&logoColor=white)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![Shell Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/Shell_Script-%23121011.svg?style=flat-square&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)
![LaTeX](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LaTeX-008080?style=flat-square&logo=latex&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/SQL-025E8C.svg?logo=database&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=JavaScript&logoColor=white)
![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=TypeScript&logoColor=white)

### Frameworks

![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=flat-square&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![HuggingFace](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%A4%97-HuggingFace-555555?style=flat-square&logoColor=white)
![Numpy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Numpy-013243?style=flat-square&logo=Numpy&logoColor=white)
![Polars](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Polars-CD792C?style=flat-square&logo=Polars&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pandas-150458?style=flat-square&logo=Pandas&logoColor=white)
![Jupyter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jupyter-F37626?style=flat-square&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FastAPI-009688?style=flat-square&logo=FastAPI&logoColor=white)
![Google Cloud Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GCP-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-%2320232a.svg?logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB&style=flat-square)
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-%2320232a.svg?logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB&style=flat-square)

### Environment

![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-000000?style=flat-square&logo=apple&logoColor=F0F0F0)
![Ghostty](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Ghostty-0000ff?logo=ghostty_term&style=flat-square)
![Zsh](https://img.shields.io/badge/Zsh-F15A24?logo=zsh&logoColor=fff&style=flat-square)
![tmux](https://img.shields.io/badge/tmux-1BB91F?logo=tmux&logoColor=fff&style=flat-square)
![Neovim](https://img.shields.io/badge/NeoVim-%2357A143.svg?style=flat-square&logo=neovim&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=Docker&logoColor=white)
![Homebrew](https://img.shields.io/badge/Homebrew-FBB040?logo=homebrew&logoColor=fff&style=flat-square)
![CLI/TUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/CLI%2FTUI-%23121011.svg?style=flat-square&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)

### Tools

![Claude](https://img.shields.io/badge/Claude-D97757?logo=claude&logoColor=fff&style=flat-square)
![Codex](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Codex-74aa9c?logo=openai&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Arc](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arc-FCBFBD?logo=arc&logoColor=000&style=flat-square)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-1E1D1C?logo=figma&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Notion-000?style=flat-square&logo=notion&logoColor=white)
![Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Photoshop-31A8FF?style=flat-square&logo=Adobe&logoColor=white)
![Lightroom](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Lightroom-31A8FF?style=flat-square&logo=Adobe&logoColor=white)
![VuePress](https://img.shields.io/badge/VuePress-4FC08D?logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=fff&style=flat-square)
![Overleaf](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Overleaf-47A141?style=flat-square&logo=Overleaf&logoColor=white)


### Activities

![GitHub Activities](https://ghchart.rshah.org/peinan)

## Connect

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/-❖%20peinan.cc-F68315?style=flat-square)](https://peinan.cc)
[![LinkedIn Learning](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Peinan%20Zhang-0A66C2?logo=linkedin-white&logoColor=fff&style=flat-square)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/peinan-zhang)
[![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/@so1owingpixy-%23000000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/so1owingpixy)
[![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Google%20Scholar-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=googlescholar&logoColor=white)](https://scholar.google.co.jp/citations?user=FTzaySkAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao)
[![CyberAgent](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CyberAgent-2D8C3C?style=flat-square&logo=ameba&logoColor=white)](https://cyberagent.ai/ailab/people/zhang-peinan/)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-EA4335?style=flat-square&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:peinan7@gmail.com)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Follow-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/peinan)

You can find my CV [_here_](https://github.com/peinan/peinan/blob/main/CV.pdf).

Commit message:

Revise README with updated details and publications
Updated personal information and added recent writings and talks.

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Peinan 👋

📍 **Tokyo** ｜ 👨‍🔬 **Researcher** ｜ 👨‍💻 **Engineer** ｜ 👨‍💼 **Manager**

## Research

Specializing in natural language processing (NLP), especially applied NLP, text generation, and evaluation.

### Latest Publications

- **BannerBench: Benchmarking Vision Language Models for Multi-Ad Selection with Human Preferences** [[Paper](https://aclanthology.org/2025.findings-emnlp.1311/)] [[Dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/cyberagent/BannerBench)]
  - Hiroto Otake, <ins>Peinan Zhang</ins>, Yusuke Sakai, Masato Mita, Hiroki Ouchi, and Taro Watanabe
  - In _EMNLP 2025 Findings_
- **Distilling Many-Shot In-Context Learning into a Cheat Sheet** [[Paper](https://aclanthology.org/2025.findings-emnlp.930/)]
  - Ukyo Honda, Soichiro Murakami, and <ins>Peinan Zhang</ins>
  - In _EMNLP 2025 Findings_
- **AdParaphrase v2.0: Generating Attractive Ad Texts Using a Preference-Annotated Paraphrase Dataset** [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2505.20826)] [[Dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/cyberagent/AdParaphrase-v2.0)]
  - Soichiro Murakami, <ins>Peinan Zhang</ins>, Hidetaka Kamigaito, Hiroya Takamura, and Manabu Okumura
  - In _ACL 2025 Findings_
- **AdTEC: A Unified Benchmark for Evaluating Text Quality in Search Engine Advertising** [[Project Page](https://cyberagentailab.github.io/AdTEC/)] [[Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2408.05906)] [[Dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/cyberagent/AdTEC)]
  - <ins>Peinan Zhang</ins>, Yusuke Sakai, Masato Mita, Hiroki Ouchi, and Taro Watanabe
  - In _NAACL 2025_

See all publications [_here_](https://orcabrig.notion.site/publications).

## Development

Prototyping to production, from research experiments to user-facing services.

![Programming Languages](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Programming_Languages-333?style=for-the-badge)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=fff)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Go-00ADD8?style=flat-square&logo=Go&logoColor=white)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![Shell Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/Shell_Script-%23121011.svg?style=flat-square&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)
![LaTeX](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LaTeX-008080?style=flat-square&logo=latex&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/SQL-025E8C.svg?logo=database&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=JavaScript&logoColor=white)
![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=TypeScript&logoColor=white)

![Frameworks](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Frameworks-333?style=for-the-badge)
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=flat-square&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![HuggingFace](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%A4%97-HuggingFace-555555?style=flat-square&logoColor=white)
![Numpy](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Numpy-013243?style=flat-square&logo=Numpy&logoColor=white)
![Polars](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Polars-CD792C?style=flat-square&logo=Polars&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pandas-150458?style=flat-square&logo=Pandas&logoColor=white)
![Jupyter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jupyter-F37626?style=flat-square&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FastAPI-009688?style=flat-square&logo=FastAPI&logoColor=white)
![Google Cloud Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GCP-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-%2320232a.svg?logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB&style=flat-square)
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-%2320232a.svg?logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB&style=flat-square)

![Environment](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Environment-333?style=for-the-badge)
![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-000000?style=flat-square&logo=apple&logoColor=F0F0F0)
![Ghostty](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Ghostty-0000ff?logo=ghostty_term&style=flat-square)
![Zsh](https://img.shields.io/badge/Zsh-F15A24?logo=zsh&logoColor=fff&style=flat-square)
![tmux](https://img.shields.io/badge/tmux-1BB91F?logo=tmux&logoColor=fff&style=flat-square)
![Neovim](https://img.shields.io/badge/NeoVim-%2357A143.svg?style=flat-square&logo=neovim&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=Docker&logoColor=white)
![Homebrew](https://img.shields.io/badge/Homebrew-FBB040?logo=homebrew&logoColor=fff&style=flat-square)
![CLI/TUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/CLI%2FTUI-%23121011.svg?style=flat-square&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)
[![dotfiles](https://img.shields.io/badge/dotfiles-555?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/peinan/dotfiles)

![Tools](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tools-333?style=for-the-badge)
![Claude](https://img.shields.io/badge/Claude-D97757?logo=claude&logoColor=fff&style=flat-square)
![Codex](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Codex-74aa9c?logo=openai&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Arc](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arc-FCBFBD?logo=arc&logoColor=000&style=flat-square)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-1E1D1C?logo=figma&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Notion-000?style=flat-square&logo=notion&logoColor=white)
![Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Photoshop-31A8FF?style=flat-square&logo=Adobe&logoColor=white)
![Lightroom](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Lightroom-31A8FF?style=flat-square&logo=Adobe&logoColor=white)
![VuePress](https://img.shields.io/badge/VuePress-4FC08D?logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=fff&style=flat-square)
![Overleaf](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Overleaf-47A141?style=flat-square&logo=Overleaf&logoColor=white)

### Activities

![GitHub Activities](https://ghchart.rshah.org/peinan)

## 📝 Writings, 🎙️ Talks, and  🎥 Media

- 📝 [アンドロイドは「青信号」の夢を見るか？](https://zenn.dev/peinan/articles/do-androids-dream-of-blue-traffic-light) (Japanese) ― Explores whether VLMs trained in different languages draw different boundaries between "blue" and "green", inspired by the Japanese cultural practice of calling green things "blue"
- 📝 [戦いは数だよ兄貴！Google Cloud Batch による並列化入門 〜LLMの前処理を例に〜](https://zenn.dev/peinan/articles/721a908599dcf7) (Japanese) ― Introduces the basics of parallelization using Google Cloud Batch, highlighting practical applications and the benefits of the service for handling big data
- 🎙️ [広告理解と生成のためのNLPベンチマーク構築](https://cadc.cyberagent.co.jp/2023/sessions/ad-benchmark-creation/) (Japanese) ― Proposes two advertising-specific NLP benchmarks to standardize the evaluation of ad text understanding and generation
- 🎙️ [自然言語処理を用いた効果的な広告テキストの自動生成](https://cadc.cyberagent.co.jp/2022/program/automatically-generate-effective-sales-copy/) (Japanese) ― Presents NLP-driven methods for automatically generating high-performing search ad texts, with real-world deployment in CyberAgent's "Kiwami" ad products
- 🎙️ [効果を出す「AIの共同研究」 東京工業大学 奥村・高村研究室と創る自然言語処理の未来](https://www.cyberagent.co.jp/way/features/list/detail/id=25604) (Japanese) ― Highlights joint research with the Tokyo Institute of Technology on applying state-of-the-art NLP techniques to advertisement creation
- 🎥 [効果を出すAI - サイバーエージェントのAI研究とビジネス実装力 -](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XuxNcucXSMU) (Japanese) ― A 5-min overview of CyberAgent's AI research and business implementation, featuring ad creative AI and industry–academia collaboration

See more [_here_](https://orcabrig.notion.site/articles-and-talks?v=40f8534b3a8940d08d2a7fae6ed82fac).

## Connect

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/-❖%20peinan.cc-F68315?style=flat-square)](https://peinan.cc)
[![LinkedIn](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Peinan%20Zhang-0A66C2?logo=linkedin-white&logoColor=fff&style=flat-square)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/peinan-zhang)
[![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/@so1owingpixy-%23000000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/so1owingpixy)
[![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Google%20Scholar-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=googlescholar&logoColor=white)](https://scholar.google.co.jp/citations?user=FTzaySkAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao)
[![CyberAgent](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CyberAgent-2D8C3C?style=flat-square&logo=ameba&logoColor=white)](https://cyberagent.ai/ailab/people/zhang-peinan/)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-EA4335?style=flat-square&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:peinan7@gmail.com)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Follow-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/peinan)

See my CV [_here_](https://github.com/peinan/peinan/blob/main/CV.pdf).
